Gwenevere Abriel: Like a little chattering teeth. I'm
Sorry. Oh.
Jen: No, we're
Gwenevere Abriel: Out a couple layers.
Jen: It's kind of that weird time of year where it's like hot enough here to need the cooler. But then when you use the cooler, it gets cold very fast. And so it's, yeah. I've been experiencing the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, ours is
Gwenevere Abriel: The on air conditioning, right, because we're and everything's air conditioned
Jen: And we have a seat. Thank God. So swamp cooler. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's set for
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: A really low temperature and it's set. So every time I go and I like oh I want it up like 75 to warm up the house.
Jen: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Goes right back down to 72
Jen: It just did someone schedule it for you.
Jen: Yeah. Oh, gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I like it at night. I'm like,
Jen: Sure. You know, it's all coming I
Jen: Liked it. Yeah.
Jen: Yeah, my husband and call it, I call it
Jen: We need to be cold to be warm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so this is this awkward moment where I'm going to open a note and
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, just aired
Gwenevere Abriel: Time that you know you could maybe be watching, but instead it feels awkward like Ron the phone.
Jen: Oh, no worries. I actually I'll go very awkward.
Jen: You so many of these now.
Jen: It doesn't faze me anymore.
Jen: Yeah.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I did another one of those all speak slowly because I have divided attention. I did a another one of those get together things. And I thought, Oh, I'll do a better job. A better job.
Jen: But
Gwenevere Abriel: A completely different group of people and I had a kid in there and had like
Gwenevere Abriel: A 19 year old.
Jen: Oh, interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and it was intentional because she wants to host right because I'd like to have a Friday night where I can cut loose and and I
Jen: Lately,
Gwenevere Abriel: Be bossy, and yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But she, you know. So I said, Okay, we'll just, you know, kind of take notes or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: But again, the composition was so
Gwenevere Abriel: clunky and so and so this one shares a video with Conan O'Brien or something. And I thought, Wow, my sense of humor is not the same as everybody
Jen: Yeah, no, I feel that often.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't find what she shared funny, I was waiting for it to be funny because Conan did where he he blasted into a zoom meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I was born, I was, I was like,
Jen: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is one
Jen: Boring. No, don't really. It's like this is our lives right now dude. I know what to you. But, like, a lot of us like
Jen: No. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, and I'm wanting so I you know I tried and did a couple of jokes or whatever. But then one. And once I did what I did before, which was
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's focus on a topic, once I did that. Then again, we all were cohesive and we were able to focus, but I didn't want to do that. I mean, these were kind of like they were kind of family and I was like, and I really want to do that. But I had to, because there were crickets. It was awful.
Jen: That's so awful. Oh my god. Oh, I can't stand it when I get clients like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jen: Have you ever had a client that came in and I've had a client that has come in and says, I say so. But what brings you here and they're just like, I just felt like it was time
Jen: And I'm like, Okay, so what's going on. And they're like nothing. I just felt like it was time
Jen: Said, I was like okay
Jen: Start when you were young. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice how earlier I said it's this awkward moment. Right. Well, that's what I'm referring to that in face to face. I can sit with that silence.
Jen: Clinically,
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot more effectively.
Jen: Yes. No. Actually, it's interesting. I've been. I've been noticing. Um, I've been being more contemplative about trying to let the silence be because I feel the same. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long can you pull it off.
Jen: That's a good question. That's a good question. Well, I have this terribly irritating thing where, when a client says, I don't know, to a question I asked. I say that is ok we have 35 minutes left in this session. And you think about it as long as you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Jen: I just sit there and I'm like,
Jen: Mostly with my teens. They're adorable and they can't take it. They're just like, Okay, let's talk
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah. I haven't been able to pull that off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I wonder if it has something to do with this particular organization. I don't know. You sure you're getting them. They these little evaluations and things like that. And I know I shouldn't care.
Jen: Oh, great. Hurt healthy mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, they're, they're just inconvenient for me when anyone puts a number that isn't fantastic. Then I gotta, I gotta here.
Jen: I gotta
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta get, you know, so anyway, and a lot of you guys, what you do is you just you straight, just put a number in your you're irritated with them. And so you don't know that.
Jen: People make them are right.
Gwenevere Abriel: making a fuss. So, whatever. So I guess it's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Eventually I'll have to explain what that is to someone that doesn't get the clinical nature of the silence because the person that doesn't get the clinical nature of the silence is the one that's going to file a complaint.
Jen: Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's that same person. So it's like, Well, fuck it.
Jen: I got it.
Jen: I completely hear that I can hear about
Gwenevere Abriel: A poster and we'll talk about boundaries and will
Jen: Completely
Jen: Oh God, that's funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: So they're missing out. They miss out. And there is and I'm learning over time, all the pieces that huge ones around the somatic transformation work that i don't i don't really
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't really get to do i get i mean you got you can because you'll take my leads so well. But most people they can't
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't do the body. I can't do the body work as well.
Jen: Yeah, no. That makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: That sucks. Anyway,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you want to hear about you.
Jen: And me, me, me, me, me, me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you, you, you, you.
Jen: Um,
Jen: I had I've had a hard week it was weird because, um, I took tomorrow off conclusively because I wanted to have a four day weekend, just chill out and then Tuesday, I believe it was, um,
Jen: I can't remember what I woke up and I did not feel well what's weird is that now that I'm thinking about. I can't remember what I didn't feel well about
Jen: But either way, yesterday, so basically I canceled my morning and then saw clients in the afternoon, yesterday I woke up with this intense headache at four in the morning.
Jen: And horrible nausea and so I managed to like take Advil for the head and then I was like, I went to the bathroom and I was positive. I was going to vomit. Like I was like it was like that water that's
Like
Jen: But then it passed. I did not grow up, but I felt not well. And so again I canceled my morning and then around two, I was fine. And so this morning.
Jen: I was ready.
Jen: And so I put Dramamine and Advil, and water next to my bed, just in case. And I did wake up at 630 with a pretty intense headache.
Jen: But I took the Advil, and it disappeared and then I took a bath and then it was gone within 45 minutes. No, nausea, I'm feeling much better. So I did not have to cancel anything today. Um, but yeah, it was just weird. I think that
Jen: When my body feels not right.
Jen: Because of everything that's going on I automatically go I have beloved
Jen: Beloved 19 it's and I know that I do not
Jen: I but I think that that there's this like constant fear when anything feels wrong with my body. Yeah, and
Jen: So then I kind of freak out. But I feel like I'm learning. And so I feel like, even though it was a hard week I felt like I learned a little bit more about my body. I'm specifically I feel like I need to give myself time
Jen: In the morning to wake up and get going, as opposed to waking up not feeling well, assuming it's going to last forever and canceling my day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, I see it. Yeah.
Jen: And so, so this morning because I knew I had you at nine. And I was like, Honestly it's over 15 I almost text to do it was like I have a terrible migraine. I don't think I can do it, but I was like, No, I'm going to give it time
Jen: And he did and it passed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, that
Jen: Is so important.
Jen: It was so cool, like the last
Jen: Group that we did a we could go Monday. Um, when you had me talk to, I want to say that call.
Jen: Um, and she was having pinging and I was talking about like turning in are leading into the pain.
Jen: And it's amazing how with the pain is different. You forget the strategies that you use for the other pain.
Jen: I don't know if that makes sense. But it was like
Jen: Yeah, like what the game is in my head that my leg legs like I got used to that. And so I understood. Like when I would happen. There were things I could do, and I knew that it would last forever. Whereas the risks were like new symptoms that I was not used to having and that threw me
Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: How have your emotions been over the last week.
Gwenevere Abriel: downs and
Jen: The ups and downs.
Jen: I would say that
Jen: There's something about works. It's really exhausting me right now. And so when I get to the weekends.
Jen: It can be hard to do anything.
Jen: Like I'm doing a lot of just like staying in bed and reading or like I've had a couple of I've had a couple of zoom sessions with other friends who play guitar. I told you this already that we swapped songs
Jen: And so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, sounds awesome.
Jen: Yeah, no, it's amazing. Especially if people haven't seen in a really long time. I'm in person. Um, so I feel like I've done that and that like wipes me. I feel like I've been very productive, but it also like seems just
Jen: Take a lot
Jen: And I was feeling that before all of this happened, I would. I don't know if I've talked to you about feeling like I have person fatigue.
Jen: Like I so I really, I wanted to make a little card that I could. So basically, I'll be in a conversation with someone and it could be my best friend. And in the middle of it. I just want to start, I just want to walk away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Haha
Jen: I want to stop listening. I just want to walk away. And so I wanted to create a card that said that I could give someone before I walk away that says, I apologize if what just happened seemed rude. I am suffering from person fatigue and need to take care of myself.
Jen: I have not done this, but I'm
Jen: And you really
Gwenevere Abriel: Have to get the nature of you and that that fits. And that wouldn't be a surprise. Right.
Jen: Absolutely, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great your friends. Yeah.
Jen: I didn't get they're probably some of them who would be like okay, it might be a little like snippy at all, but none of them would drop me if you say, if you will.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. All right. What's the difference between person fatigue. I do need education. This is a genuine question.
Jen: It's not really
Jen: And and I made it up so that makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so the difference between that and the compassion fatigue that sense of just consistently having to feel what other people are feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: What's sort of distinguishing those two. What's the difference
Jen: Maybe it is compassion fatigue that I am talking about. I guess that the reason that I put person on it.
Jen: Is because sometimes it's during its during a completely banal conversation where I don't need to happen to any compassion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let me ask you about right there.
Jen: Please, yeah.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you ever get exhausted from being on as in charming intelligent and entertaining. Do you ever get tired of that.
Jen: I did and I do still sometimes I think I've gotten better about
Jen: Putting up boundaries for myself.
Jen: And making sure that there are that
Jen: Like I don't feel compelled or responsible to do it anymore.
Jen: But I definitely do feel it at certain times.
Gwenevere Abriel: That one, that sort of you said banal moment with even a friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't use that word very often. So is that where it's not. No one's angry. No one's crying. There's really no intense thing going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just curious, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's another word that maybe I'd be more familiar with, like, what's the emotion. You're having
Gwenevere Abriel: When that's going on. I mean, I'll look it up to, so I can ask you
Jen: Know, I think that um
Jen: You sound a bit been all sort of like
Jen: Every day, run of the mill like yeah like very like
Jen: Looking for another word to describe it. Like I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: trite hackneyed cliched planning to tennis. Oh, dude. That's a word. That's amazing. That's so
Jen: Tunis. I love that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, that's a platitude. And it's platitudinous. Oh. How fun is that
Jen: Why I'm so excited.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Jen: Know we platitudinous banal would be a great band's name, it would be productive. But, I mean, it would be
Jen: Redundant redundant. Thank you. And like, what's the other retail worth
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's a use this in a synonym.
vapid
Jen: Go.
Jen: So go
Gwenevere Abriel: And what
Jen: Why was just realizing I think that's actually the purity of conversations that is triggering
Gwenevere Abriel: We just got it. So I was wondering about that. So I had wondered if it was that you were bored.
Not
Jen: Yes, and I think that the boredom leads me. Oh.
Jen: Oh, I feel sick of it leads me to anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: My time with this and I still want to be your friend. But you're. This is a waste of my time.
Jen: Yes, yes. And I'm like, in this day and age and everything we're dealing with and everything right now. Like, I don't care. Talk about this. I don't care who Jennifer Aniston is eating.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, hell.
Jen: Oh, like no interest. I don't care. Like, who got a boob job and who did again like
Jen: This is like
Jen: Completely vapid
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Oh.
Jen: Totally. That's it.
Jen: Because yeah, honestly, like when a friend or even someone I barely know comes to me and they are not okay. That feels way easier to deal with.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now what to do when the person you love
Gwenevere Abriel: Is shallow
Jen: Yeah.
Totally
Jen: Uh, yeah.
Jen: Well, and it's funny because I feel like it actually is happening with my best friend that I feel like it's just, resulting in us not really hanging out anymore.
Jen: Because it's just uncomfortable. And also, I just end up coming away from this situation just not happy and feeling irritated and yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Something just struck me and this may have zero relevance, but it might be a fun place to just sort of counter counter point maybe volleying just maybe it's so different. It'll be interesting. I recognize what we're talking about right now as how your, your sweetheart views. People sometimes
Jen: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I was all of a sudden I just kind of remember that. And I thought, How interesting. You're in that position now.
Yeah.
Jen: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost like since there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't have an option to address it directly with a friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to use a card and is that friend going to get that card. Are they going to get it. Is that going to work with that friend right, kind of, is that going to be the one that's going to go. Okay. Yay.
Jen: Yes. You know, I think that if I were to use the card with that friend.
Jen: It would be a pretty big deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Member how I was telling you it's the same person that I
Gwenevere Abriel: Have this silence. With that, I need you to silence the one that would end up saying this therapist sucks.
Jen: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's kind of like that. It's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Every person that
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of kind of needs it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But instead what kicks into gear is
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to waste my time.
Jen: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So see if you can play with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of doesn't have to be a big sort of confrontation.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just wonder if if is it kind of discussed that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Makes it possible to bridge.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it. Yeah.
Jen: It is little yeah
Hmm.
Jen: I think about it. I think that I could
Jen: Have the very least, change the subject, and she would be receptive to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, very least change the subject.
Jen: May I tell you that when you said that
Jen: clients have said that you're, you're a bad therapist or they have given you bad marks.
Jen: You've made me feel really good.
Jen: Only because I think that you are a brilliant therapist.
Jen: And I think that everything that happened with my prior employer.
Jen: It like it's been hard to let go of a little bit like I'm doing good. You know, I'm two months out, I'm making more money than I've ever made in my life, my boss is phenomenal.
Jen: She actually sent me an email asking if I could just go through my client database and make sure that all of the insurance was entered correctly and blah, blah. And she was like, I'll add two hours of where did you say
Gwenevere Abriel: Straight of time.
Jen: Thank you. You're so good. You know what I mean to your check and it literally took me like 15 minutes and it and she was like, because I really appreciate you doing that and
Jen: Just feeling appreciated and just like every week to two weeks. I have another client from the past.
Jen: Who reaches out and is like, hey, I'd like to start again. And so it's kind of nice because like I haven't had to do any ad marketing or anything, because I'm just constantly full I've got a waiting list.
Jen: And so I know that, like, I know. So I do good work. I think that there was something about when in one of the texts exchanges, we had the very end, in which he said, I've never known a therapist who had as many problems with their clients as you
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Jen: And I know that you was trying to hurt me.
Jen: Know that that's what that was about.
Jen: Because I don't think that that's true. Um, I think that we work in a fields where sometimes people are upset and sometimes we become the receptacle for their anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: And hearing that someone that you respect. Right. It sounds like you respect the work you and I are doing. Yeah. And then to hear that. Like even she gets bad marks like yeah, that was a bolster that felt good.
Jen: What which makes me feel bad because I don't want you to fail, feel it, but but just but also because like I can tell that, or at least I would assume it seems like you don't let it bring you down as far as thinking that you're a bad therapist as a results and
Gwenevere Abriel: You. Yeah.
Jen: But that's what it's about. But yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm glad.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm glad.
Jen: I appreciate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: The. Do you want to know more about how I overcome it.
Yes, please.
Gwenevere Abriel: So receptacle isn't what I use. You know that word, we end up being a receptacle. I am a very intentional.
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe in transference 100%
Gwenevere Abriel: It is a thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I use it intentionally I introduce it I name it. I say it's happening. I'm not like kind of coy about it. Um,
Jen: And like if a client because starts becoming combative like with you or you can tell that they're not into it. You say, I feel like you
Jen: Are directing this towards me when you're actually upset with someone else, or is it even something that you can
Gwenevere Abriel: I be a little, a little
Jen: Okay, you just said that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh boy there that I not coin, I would be
Gwenevere Abriel: If I think if I said it like that. They would say, Oh, you're going to psychoanalyze know it's you don't don't blame it on my friggin mother. I think I wouldn't be able to get away with that some people
Gwenevere Abriel: Would want to see ghosts and tonic. But most people if they're doing that if the transference is happening. They're going to be very defensive and so I will quite be able to pull that off. But I might do an intervention that is the repair work as that person that originally wounded them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, because now when I say intentional what that looks like is the first time I need someone and presenting with if I get a chance at first assessment.
Gwenevere Abriel: The bio psychosocial I don't have much time. Yeah. Zero time. But if I can very early on, it's very likely, given the the wounding that you've experienced that may play out in here, you're probably going to get really mad at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: And it might be justified I I'll make a mistake, and I'll screw up because I am human. I'm going to drop the ball promise you I'm human, and going to fail.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a little different in here because no matter what, I'm not going to make it about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in here that anger will play out differently. And I encourage you to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I encourage you to risk being angry at me. But the difference is is that I'm not going to defend my position as long or as much as I am going to be interested
Gwenevere Abriel: In how it feels for you and what coping skills you have available to you in the moment and what it's like in here to be telling me about that anger and how you're hanging on to yourself. That's what I mean. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Audit
Wow. That's phenomenal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's a lot of work, because I haven't yet.
Jen: Yeah no absolutely yeah
Jen: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll see it now and again, you'll see it in group, people will get angry with me and and very disappointed me but I'm expecting it. So,
Jen: Absolutely, yeah. Well, it was interesting because I you actually said something to me during session at one point where I was talking about the him bribing for reviews and we were talking about reviews in general and you were like,
Jen: Why, what, why do I need reviews for myself. I like, you know, if I yell at people all day or something like that.
Jen: And if
Gwenevere Abriel: Everybody cry. Why would I want
Jen: Right. Right. Exactly. And, um, and that made me feel good as well because I cannot be
Jen: I find that I am different therapists for different individuals.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, I'm on I'm unrecognizable from from 8am. If you met me as I was for for my ATM client, you'd have left the session.
Jen: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I wouldn't want me
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd be like, oh, I want my money back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure pitch.
Jen: But does it work for them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well you know what's funny is this individual has said, yeah, the you're the only person that is honest with me and a lot of counselors and everybody else gives me bullshit and you're the only one that shoots it straight. So yeah, and
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm very uncomfortable with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I have
Gwenevere Abriel: warm and fuzzy warm and fuzzy warm and fuzzy
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. But me, I want
Jen: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't for everyone so
Jen: Absolutely. Yeah. And I think that that's what is actually kind of cool about our job is that like I get to use like different skills from my own even like personality.
Jen: Depending on the plan.
Yeah.
Jen: And I am. Oh, sorry. Go ahead.
Gwenevere Abriel: In a lot of ways.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, some of our sessions sort of zero in on a bit of a supervision role like almost like it shifts back and forth from there.
Jen: I apologize. I hope I don't do that too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's okay. Our this particular job is, you're, you're the product. So it's not it's not the same as I've got the sales pitch and I've got this PowerPoint and it's this widget.
Jen: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a widget so
Jen: Yeah.
Jen: You. Yeah.
Jen: It's weird. I've been thinking about my mother a lot lately.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jen: Um, the anniversary of her death is coming up in July.
Jen: And and it'll be 16 years in July, and it has gotten much easier. In fact, like the past few years, my brother and I will forget it. Sometimes I will call each other on like July 10 and be like, Oh my God, we forgot
Jen: To like do something like drink a Diet Pepsi and Bourbon link, she did, um,
Jen: Hold the Bourbon, but um
Jen: Yeah, uh, I feel like
Jen: What was it. Oh, it was Mother's Day. I'm all, what was it that made me think of her. Um, and so, Mother's Day, it's just always everyone posting their moms or what have you, which is great, which I love, I love that for people
Jen: Um, but this year and I haven't done this before, but I posted a picture of my mother from where I was born.
Jen: When she and my dad moved down here from Florida and uh
Jen: Oh, no, no. I was born. So this must have been in Florida. Okay, so, but my mother's just looks
Jen: Happy
Jen: Which was not something I I remember my mother being very often when I as I grew up and
Jen: I put something like, you know, this was my mother before I was born, um,
Jen: I, I still miss her. And I still just wish I could have one damn conversation.
Jen: Like
Jen: I think that's what sucks when people die suddenly
Jen: Is that you don't get that. I also can't imagine how it would feel to watch someone die very slowly. Like, I think that that would be awful do
Jen: I don't think there any good ways to deal with somebody love dying, but
Jen: Yeah, and I think I think I just
Jen: I was not very kind to her in her last year's
Oh,
Jen: Because she needed a lot. And I'm sorry. Is it okay if I go here, is it
Gwenevere Abriel: No, listen to
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of asking permission about your own therapy.
Jen: I know that I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you doing,
Jen: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have taker, you are in your taker right now. So just take, take, take, take, take
Jen: She had rheumatoid arthritis fibromyalgia.
Jen: Other various things she was taking she introduced me to oxy a
Jen: Not on purpose and give it to me. I just stole it from her, but she would she took 80 milligram oxy four times a day.
Oh,
Jen: Yeah, it was such an intense dosage.
Jen: Um,
Jen: And
Jen: She just always needed things she always needed us to go to the grocery and get things done.
Jen: She like
Jen: Drink like a fish smoked like a chimney.
Jen: Was on so many of these medications and it was frustrating sometimes because my brother and I would just be like, you're not doing anything to try to get better. Like, I know that your RA hurts. But like even like she lived in an apartment complex that had a pool.
Jen: And like I would even just
Jen: encourage her to just we could go together and just like move in the pool little and it was just, she just wouldn't and she was just this teeny tiny LIKE IT MAY SEE A BIRD of a woman.
Jen: When she died and
Jen: Because she just like lived on diet coke and fat free cheese and fat free Turkey like that was really all the gap no water.
Jen: All right, and
Jen: I think for
Jen: If I had to do over again. I just feel like it would have showed her more kindness and work race. Oh, because I was in my 20s, that I didn't want to deal with her.
Jen: I wanted to go have fun with my friends, I wanted to go create theater. I wanted to go to school of work and I was doing that and because you know in your 20s going to work and
Jen: And have and being in schools like fucking nightmare. You know, it's like you're working all the time. You're not making much money you're trying to make the work and then I'm having to deal with my mom and
Jen: Yeah. And so there was this woman who lived down the hall from hurting Andy, who was just so annoying.
Jen: And she was gone, she was even worse than my mom is far as constantly being crisis comes, everything is always happening to her, you know, it's always everyone else's fault.
Jen: And after my mom died I owe a bottle of her bills went missing. And I knew that Andy had a key. And so I went to her door. And I was like, I need the pills that you talk. And she said, I didn't take any but I was like okay, I need the key.
Jen: And she was like, okay, is she came back and gave it to me and she said, your mother always said that you were the scariest person she knew
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Jen: And my mother also before she died told me that there were times that I reminded her of her mother who is horribly emotionally abusive as she said
Jen: And I realized that, like, what happened was I began to find my backbone.
Jen: And I began to use it and I began to, you know, I would say to her, I was like, Mom, there are actually people who have it worse than you like and things like that. And, but, but to her that was horribly treacherous
Jen: Trader us
Jen: It. I was being a traitor, by, by saying that to her, and that's how it felt all the time going up. If we ever called attention to anything that she did that might be unhealthy that we were the bad person, because we made her feel bad.
Jen: The more I saw it, the more I started to call it out and
Jen: The more I saw her spirit shift in that it was like she didn't feel safe around me anymore.
Jen: Because I feel like we used to have sort of a
Jen: Very strong bond as I was growing up, because she was always on my side about everything. When you say that I'd be like, I think I had told you that I went to her and I was like I ate all of this sausage and I ate an entire box of snack while cookies and she was just like, that's
Jen: At least, at least you didn't need a bunch of potato chips.
Jen: And while it was like so kind like I look back on that now and I'm like oh my god I was begging for help. I was like, I am over eating I'm bingeing and I don't know why. And it doesn't seem like like it's healthy.
Jen: And she was just like you're okay, you're okay because she she was believing
Jen: Which I did not know until she was dead, but
Gwenevere Abriel: But she's accessing in a lot of areas, so it's okay okay because it has to be okay okay because she's doing the same thing. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Making decisions that a piece right the self soothing versus a parenting opportunity.
Yeah.
Jen: Totally
Jen: So,
Jen: So yeah, I think I had a lot of baggage with her. By the time she was really say.
Jen: And
Jen: I mean, to this day, like I feel like it's better that she died.
Jen: Like I love her and I missed her and I miss you know, not being able to have that last conversation with her, but
Jen: Like even my brother and I were talking about like how having to deal with her with all of this going on, would have been a goddamn night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, who
Gwenevere Abriel: Would have been perpetually the worst children that don't love her and
Jen: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No way, you can hit the mark that kind of thing.
Jen: Absolutely. Well, and she would want her specific food if she could get her specific food as many of us can't these days. It's like, you know,
Jen: You go to the grocery store, you hope for the best.
Gwenevere Abriel: Chicken. Oh, like there's no chicken last week there was a shift on a chicken and there was
Jen: A i.
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I supposed to stockpile.
So,
Jen: Totally
Jen: Oh, so yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: The conversation.
Gwenevere Abriel: anniversary is coming up in July. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have a sense of wishing you were kind
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're explaining
Gwenevere Abriel: That you you were growing up.
Jen: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's what 20 year olds to we're supposed to be all wrapped up in play and hard work and industry and I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Such a job to take care of her.
Totally
Jen: Yeah.
Jen: Truth is, is that
Jen: When I really think about it, look back I did take care of her.
Jen: I didn't take care for the way that she wanted me to all the time and I didn't take care of her baby as much as she wanted to, but I did take care of her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you gave her some honesty. It's the piece you needed to call out poor health behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was quite on welcomed, but I mean that's the thing you needed
Jen: Yes, yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is, is there a sense of wanting to still although she's not alive still have that conversation, either with your
Gwenevere Abriel: Father with your brother with me with a letter with husband with Sarah.
Gwenevere Abriel: There a sense of wanting
Jen: Yes, I wanted to do something ceremonial or ritualistic or something.
Jen: Okay, just here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: It is, isn't the most creative, but just the brainstorm a plan in place to depart from
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been talking with people about this idea of having gathering and everyone bringing a little object that sort of represents
Gwenevere Abriel: The relationship with her, or how they've impacted her been impacted by her and that there be this candle making experience and those pieces are embedded in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe there's a favorite sense, maybe there's a favorite color of hers, or something that just kind of really makes tangible. What is just
Gwenevere Abriel: In memory and metaphor, but really making it this tangible thing and then that becomes the ceremony that it gets real it and reviewed and that is kept in some precious on somewhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm wondering if there's something that you would want to read or say in that ceremony. I wonder
Jen: Yeah, I think I want to sing a song by the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, is
Jen: Or either that or Judy Collins. She was very into both of them. Okay.
Jen: Or maybe Joan Baez but I think. Yeah.
Jen: They all remind me of her
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's left over of
Gwenevere Abriel: Course I wanted to have been more kind, but then when you hear yourself you can hear. I was
Yeah.
Jen: Well, it kind of brings me back to this whole idea and I work with clients on this every day and I work with myself on it every day as far as not being responsible for other people's feelings.
Jen: I'm
Jen: To a point, obviously, you know, if you go up and you're like yeah, shit. Like, you know, people are allowed to feel upset and be like, that was a nice um
Jen: But, but when you don't give someone the answer that they want feeling like you're responsible for their pain because they don't get the cupcake you want because you're like, No, it's my cupcake like
Jen: And I feel like
Jen: With my mother, she kind of instilled that in us and it took a while to break that away.
Jen: And not feel responsible for other people's feelings at least to the degree that I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can see why you're sharing that with me.
Jen: I'm not sure i guess i i guess it seemed like it circled back to
Jen: Something that I feel like keeps coming up for me like
Jen: Symbolically, like recently over the last week or two that that the idea and then just connecting it back to my mother and realizing like understanding how it started. They're
Gwenevere Abriel: Having to take on
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone else's experience.
Jen: Yeah, or just basically like having to be very careful with what you say or how you say your truth or if you say your truth because if it's something that someone else doesn't want to hear. Then you have who did them and you're a bad person.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just curious, this conversation.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you could only say one thing somehow
Gwenevere Abriel: The heavens, and whatever is universe whatever opened up and you could squeak out one thing, what would it be
Jen: Just one word or
Gwenevere Abriel: One sentence, let's say, what would it be
Jen: Oh, just one sentence.
Jen: Thank you for doing the best that you could
Jen: I guess. Yeah. Like, I guess, like if I if I only have
Jen: One sentence. It's just that quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: So of course, that's not a conversation, right, because I took away the listener.
Gwenevere Abriel: I took away that its reciprocal.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess I I wonder if you had two sentences. What's the second one.
Jen: I think maybe that would be the second one. But the first one would be
Jen: Mom, I feel like your selfishness really hurt me growing up.
Jen: But I love you for doing your best, there we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the full thought it has the duality in. It kind of felt like there was some some opposite piece missing, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, thank you for doing your best wasn't enough.
Jen: Yeah, no. Totally.
Jen: Well, isn't that funny that I felt the need to take care of her, and she's dead.
Jen: Because I was really, I was just like, Oh, well, I only have one sentence. I don't want to leave her with something need she's our
Jen: That seems me but yeah
Jen: I think that was what was sort of stopping me from it at first.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, how dare you, you know, like once again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Putting
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this
Gwenevere Abriel: This other part. You know, I wish I was kinder, but I'm glad she's dead. Those opposites exist. So I had wondered if you would kind of put them both in there.
Jen: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry that she couldn't hold that duality for you as we grew up, it would have been really convenient if she could see my 20 year old.
Gwenevere Abriel: Figure herself out and play and be wrong, and right and screw up and get
Broken a
Gwenevere Abriel: Crash and Burn just the whole deal and find out where those limits are on her own, and not be busy taking care me why I am sorry that didn't happen earlier, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's it's a real thing. You know, like it's it's got some beauty in it, you know. And I wonder if that's how
Gwenevere Abriel: How you kind of have come to, I want to sing. You know, I want to sing in the ceremony that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that that's maybe often where you meet and make contact with your clients to is in that struggle that because you've had that struggle, you know the struggle. Yeah, no, not on a deeply personal level.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So those songs that you were thinking of singing or they are the words relevant or is it just, this is music that I grew up with her and it brings me close to her.
Jen: Definitely music that I grew up with her, and brings me closer
Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's with this moments that we have left turn inward for reflection.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what charge is left and where
Gwenevere Abriel: Where is that in the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: But might still have a vibration left that
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a little wiggling or
Gwenevere Abriel: Unsettled nervous.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe some excitement
Gwenevere Abriel: Or maybe there's relief. Maybe there's a calming
Gwenevere Abriel: Just tune in and see what messages from
Gwenevere Abriel: Awareness.
Jen: I feel
Jen: Lighter
Lighter
Jen: I felt really heaviness it we tested my arms, which was new.
Jen: And now it sort of feels like my arms are hollow
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jen: Like they just feel
Jen: Easier to move
Gwenevere Abriel: Now looking to the future with this these arms that are easier to move now looking to the future in July, and that this
Gwenevere Abriel: Is remembered that there might even be some ceremony to it. Some intentional stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: How the arms doing
Jen: You feel good.
Jen: The chest. Very good.
Jen: Yeah, that was the idea of it feels very freeing like it makes me feel like I'm like running through a field not touching the ground.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Where is that
Gwenevere Abriel: Need for conversation now maybe a level of intensity before, is it the same intensity. Where's that out.
Jen: If the intensity is lessons.
Jen: I think that I just needed to talk it out.
Jen: It's sort of like it was there. And that was, as far as I got because I didn't really have the time or the interest in going deeper. Um, but now that I've gone deeper, I realized that
Jen: There isn't really a conversation that I need to have with her.
Jen: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of doing conversation within maybe the thing that didn't quite happen with her can be done inside of you, you know, maybe that inner dialogue, making it. Okay.
Jen: Well, I think it already is. Yeah.
Jen: It's funny because uh her
Jen: She has this cousin named fish be I sh, which I just love
Jen: That her name is fish. Um, but, uh, she has been such a lovely
Jen: Contact for me. Um, she reached out after my mother died, and we've kept in close contact. She sent me a bunch a bunch of stuff that was my grandfather's and um but she she said to be
Jen: I'm super Facebook friends so she sees all like the political stuff I post and i'm i'm pretty out there.
Jen: And she was like your mom would be so proud of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Jen: It was over. It was over. I was just like,
Jen: Almost the exact same age, and like, and she was just like you fight for justice and you're an artist and you help people every day and you're just amazing. And just like filled me with love.
Jen: It was really cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm a big fan.
Totally
Jen: She my Bish
Gwenevere Abriel: I was about to say. But there's so much comedy with that name. It's really, it's
I think
Jen: She's old enough, it's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Fun. Is this like this face.
Gwenevere Abriel: resting bitch face like there's so much material there. I wouldn't know what to do.
Jen: Oh, one so we got
Gwenevere Abriel: This and so she's older like 16 or
Jen: She's almost 70
Jen: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jen: All right. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love that. And I love that.
Jen: You to
Gwenevere Abriel: You sent that message, right. That's exactly, that's exactly what this needed
Gwenevere Abriel: Right there was a lot touching on that very concept. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Really glad what happened.
Jen: Yeah, me too. Just
Gwenevere Abriel: Soak it up. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you want to play with that right all of this that you did in here today, you know, this duality this conversation and then being WITH someone trite someone vapid right being around that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And who you become when you're around it. Yeah, and has the dialogue stopped when you're around what happens to you how familiar, is that right like that just sounded a lot like right you just, it's an either or, and almost wanting to get out of who you are in that moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: With the same stuff. You just did here today. You know, you could do with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: This person.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a thinker.
Jen: I like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like your hair, too, by the way.
Jen: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Off.
Totally
Jen: took a bath and washed it and put it up. I feel like a brand new woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: So shall we schedule an appointment.
Jen: Yes, and I would actually I'd like to try three weeks out if you feel okay with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so that's what the nature won't be for us, it will be June 11 11th.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll go nine
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's June 11
Gwenevere Abriel: I've made it a routine. I just automatically send a doctor. I even asked. I just sent him a message I say so and so showed up.
Jen: But I'll be back on Monday to
Gwenevere Abriel: But I will see you then.
Jen: Thank you. You have a good day.
Gwenevere Abriel: You too. Bye.